♪ ♪
>> KIM: I know.
>> BRUCE: Hello.
>> KIM: Okay, wait, I'm just,
um, coming to lunch with Bruce.
I love you.
I'll call you in a little bit.
>> BRUCE: My God, where did you
get those shoes?
>> KIM: Hey.
>> BRUCE: Hey, baby,
how you doing?
>> KIM: Good.
What are you up to?
>> BRUCE: Lunch, just the two of
us.
>> KIM: I actually told Rob I
was on my way here to have lunch
with you, and he said there's a
really good green drink.
>> BRUCE: Oh, really?
>> KIM: It's healthy.
>> BRUCE: Really.
Well, we don't want to go too
healthy.
>> KIM: I do.
>> BRUCE: Oh, you do?
>> KIM: I have a wedding to
prepare for.
It seems like yesterday that I
was just getting proposed to,
and now we have weeks before the
wedding.
There is so much more to do, so
the pressure is on.
I'm just like, "Let's hurry up
and have the wedding so I can
get pregnant again."
>> BRUCE: Yeah... so the aisle
thing at the...
>> KIM: Yeah.
>> BRUCE: Just tell me where you
want to go, where you want me to
stand and I'll do whatever I
need to do.
>> KIM: So here's what I'm
thinking.
There was gonna be a-a fountain,
a fountain, altar.
So I was thinking of having you
wait at this fountain and me
walk from this fountain to this
fountain by myself and having it
be the dress moment, and then
you pick me up and you walk me
up.
>> BRUCE: Kind of like a relay
race.
>> KIM: Yeah.
So do I give you the bouquet and
then you walk me up?
Perfect.
>> BRUCE: So don't worry about
me.
>> KIM: I'm so excited.
(shoes jangling)
>> BRUCE: How the hell do you
get in those things?
Those shoes look like what my
ass feels like when the
hemorrhoids are acting up.
(Bruce laughs)
Little dingleberries all over
the place.
(Bruce laughing)
>> KIM: I had a wedding dress
fitting, and, Khloe, you're
gonna die.
Okay, look, that's the back.
This is just a fitting.
>> KHLOE: Ooh! Oh, my God,
that's gorge.
You look so sexy.
I love your veil.
It's, like, so Princess Diana.
>> KIM: Mm, Princess Diana's
wedding dress was, like, not...
>> KHLOE: No, I just mean, like,
you look like a princess.
>> KIM: Kylie was pissing me off
over the weekend, and I said,
"I'm gonna make you the ugliest
bridesmaid's dress, and you're
gonna be the only one stuck with
it."
>> KHLOE: She called me crying
'cause you scared her.
Do we all have different
dresses?
>> KIM: No.
I mean, I feel bad.
Ever since we kind of decided we
wanted, like, a small and
intimate wedding, I feel like
people's feelings are getting
hurt and they... everyone wants
to bring a plus-one.
It's not that big, huge wedding
that everyone's making it out to
be.
The venue physically can't hold
that many.
They will not allow it.
>> KHLOE: When you get invited
to a wedding, uh, like, do you
assume it's a plus-one?
Or you have to write...?
>> KIM: I think people have been
calling.
Like, even Brody's like, "Can I
bring my girlfriend?"
>> KHLOE: And you said no.
>> KIM: Yeah.
I love Brody, but I've never
even met her.
He just started dating her.
Like, Rob's not bringing a date.
Like, I just don't want a whole
bunch of people that I don't
know.
I'm not even inviting, like,
distant family.
It's just super intimate.
>> KHLOE: Is Rob even coming?
For sure?
>> KIM: I hope so.
A year ago, he was like, "All
right, if you ever get married,
I want to walk you down the
aisle."
If he doesn't come for the way
that he looks and he feels so
insecure...
>> KHLOE: He just feels so ugly.
>> KIM: It's really frustrating
'cause Rob has not given me,
really, an answer if he's coming
to my wedding or not.
And to get our RSVP list down is
just a must right now.
And I want my brother there.
Like, this is super frustrating.
So it'll be Ponytail Bruce
walking me down the aisle.
>> KHLOE: My Little Pony is
coming with you.
>> KIM: My Little Pony will walk
me down the aisle...
>> KHLOE: My Little Pony.
(Kim laughs)
(all greeting one another)
>> WOMAN: We need to do a hug at
this point.
Oh, my gosh.
>> KENDALL: Where are we
sitting?
>> WOMAN: You guys sit
right here.
>> KAREN: You're right there.
>> KYLIE: Here? Cool.
>> KAREN: So we're super excited
to have you, and I just want to
thank you guys for coming in.
I know it's been crazy.
>> KENDALL: We're so excited,
too.
>> MAN: So it gives me great
pleasure to give you your book.
>> KENDALL: Oh, my God, this is
so weird.
Oh, wow.
>> WOMAN 2: Isn't it beautiful?
>> KENDALL: It is.
It's so weird that we're, like,
holding our book.
>> KYLIE: Are these, like,
the first three?
>> KAREN: Yes, this is it.
Yeah. No one has gotten a copy.
These are... these are the first
ones.
>> KYLIE: So weird.
Me and Kendall are in New York
for a meeting about our book.
It's a sci-fi novel, and we
wanted to do something that
people didn't really expect.
I feel like Kendall and I get
judged a lot, and, um, this was
just something that we could do
so it didn't have to be about
us for a little and, like, we
could just, like, do something
creative and, like, cool.
So it was fun.
>> KAREN: The girls and-and
Melanie, they're gonna be doing
all the marketing and publicity
for the book, and I thought it
would be interesting, since they
don't really know the genesis of
how this all came about, how Lex
and Livia, Kendall and Kylie,
how you put yourselves into
these characters and...
>> KYLIE: We were just all
brainstorming, like, if we
were... if Kendall and I were in
a movie, like, what would we
want to do.
What would our characters...
Like, whatever.
We just came up with this whole
idea of, like, Lex and Livia
and, like, just our different
personalities, how I'm more,
like, edgy and Kendall's more,
like...
>> KENDALL: "Sophisticated" is
what she was looking for.
>> WOMAN: So much of it was the
girls wanting this to be sci-fi
dystopia, distant from their
everyday lives.
>> KAREN: I think that's what's
so refreshing about this book is
that it is not what people
expect, and I think you guys are
not what people expect.
They think they know you, but
they don't.
And so you have all these shades
of your personality that you get
to play out now.
>> WOMAN: Calendar-wise, you
guys know, like, tweets and
Facebook, some blogs.
>> WOMAN 2: Whatever platform
you're comfortable with, it's
just critical that you be a part
of the social media.
>> WOMAN: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Absolutely.
>> KAREN: So you guys have any
questions for us?
>> KENDALL: I don't think so.
>> WOMAN 2: I'm glad you're
happy with it.
You both look so happy with it.
We love it; we're very excited.
>> KAREN: It's a beautiful book.
>> WOMAN 2: It's very solid.
I mean, the story's wonderful.
You did it; it's worth it.
>> WOMAN: Thank you very much.
>> KENDALL: Bye, everybody!
Thank you!
Thank you.
>> KYLIE: Bye.
Thank you, guys.
>> KRIS: What are you doing?
>> KHLOE: I just feel like
(bleep)!
>> KRIS: Why are you rubbing
your own boobs?
>> KHLOE: To try to feel better.
>> KRIS: That is so random.
I'm gonna try that tonight.
>> WOMAN: Sorry to interrupt.
Um, do you guys want to go maybe
talk upstairs about Kim's
shower?
>> KRIS: Do we want to do it
this weekend?
And if so, we need to, like,
step on it.
>> KHLOE: I thought this was,
like, pushing it too close.
>> KRIS: This is gonna be
miraculous if we can do this.
>> WOMAN: Do you want to go
upstairs?
>> KRIS: Yeah, let's go.
I am beyond excited to be
throwing Kim her bridal shower.
I  Id th w
keep it small.
>> KIM: You can have, like, a
dinner, like, five, ten people.
>> KRIS: I would love to do
that.
>> KIM: But no party.
>> KRIS: I promise if you let me
do that for you, it'll be really
small.
>> KIM: Just a dinner; perfect.
>> KRIS: But I just can't help
myself.
It's getting bigger and bigger,
and I hope she doesn't get
upset.
>> WOMAN: Hi.
>> KRIS: Hi.
>> WOMAN: How are you guys?
>> KHLOE: Hi...
>> KOURTNEY: Do we need to do a
shower in general is the
question.
>> KRIS: We need to do
something.
And she won't let us do it in
Paris, and that's where I
thought we could get away with
it.
So what I was thinking was, say,
we have this huge crazy meeting
and I'll make something up and
then she comes in.
"Surprise!"
And then we have a brunch, and
everyone... it's, like,
a lingerie shower.
Get, like, Lee Gelfond to do the
white chocolate Eiffel Towers.
>> WOMAN: What about mimosas or
Bloody Marys?
>> KHLOE: All natural alcohol.
Kourtney will stomp grapes for
them.
>> KRIS: I will supply the
champagne.
I will get these bitches drunk
before they walk in.
When I look back at some of the
most amazing days in my life, I
always think about the time that
I had a bridal shower.
It will always be some of the
most special memories that I
hold.
So I just really want to make
sure that she has some of those
same amazing, delicious memories
that I hold near and dear to
myself.
And one day she'll thank me.
We invite everyone.
Whoever can come, can come.
>> WOMAN 2: So we think, like,
50 to 60 people?
>> KRIS: Mm-hmm.
>> KHLOE: It's gonna be (bleep)
phenomenal!
>> KOURTNEY: It's gonna be
buttery.
>> KHLOE: It's gonna be buttery.
>> KIM: We are having my second
wedding dress fitting...
>> KYLIE: So, I'm gonna see your
dress?
>> KIM: Yeah, you guys are gonna
see my wedding dress, and I need
your opinion.
>> KYLIE: Wait. What?
>> KIM: 'Cause you are the style
icon.
>> KYLIE: No, I'm so excited!
I thought we were never gonna
be able to see it.
>> KIM: You are the style icon
and Kendall is the model.
I knew that Kendall and Kylie
were gonna be in New York.
I think it's just the perfect
opportunity for them to come
with me to my dress fitting.
Hi!
No one's seen it before in the
family, so I just want my
sisters' opinion.
This looks amazing.
>> KENDALL: Are you going to put
it on?
>> KIM: Yes.
>> MAN: No.
(laughing)
KNo'rste
look at it.
>> KENDALL: It's amazing that
Kim's gonna have a Givenchy
dress.
It's one of her favorite
designers.
All she talks about is this
dress, so I'm really excited to
see it with my own eyes.
>> KYLIE: Oh, my God! Beautiful.
>> KENDALL: I love it.
>> KIM: This is what I call
couture, people.
>> KYLIE: It's beautiful.
I love the long sleeves.
>> KENDALL: The long sleeves are
ridiculous.
>> KYLIE: I feel like it's just
different, and not a lot of
people do it.
>> KYLIE: Kim loobeautiful
in her dress.
It's just so put together in
details and everything.
Kanye is gonna freak out.
>> KENDALL: It's gorgeous.
>> KYLIE: Wow!
>> KIM: So good, right?
>> KENDALL: It's gorgeous.
>> MAN: It's giving me, like,
chills.
>> KIM: Oh, my God.
I am so excited for how my dress
turned out.
I mean, it is gorgeous.
Everything is so perfect.
It is probably the most
beautiful dress I've ever seen
in my life.
It's really a dream come true.
He's gonna love it so much.
It's so beautiful. I'm so happy.
>> MAN: He's going to... love.
>> KIM: I'm so excited!
It's so... chic.
>> SCOTT: Hello?
>> KOURTNEY: Hi.
>> SCOTT: What's shaking in
here?
>> KOURTNEY: Packing for pushka.
>> SCOTT: How much clothes does
one little kid need?
>> KOURTNEY: A lot.
>> SCOTT: Little people...
>> KOURTNEY: Mm, can you shut
the door for a second?
Mm, I just... wanted to tell
you...
>> SCOTT: Mm?
>> KOURTNEY: ...that I am
pregnant.
>> SCOTT: All right, I thought
you s...
(Scott clears throat, exhales)
You just keep suckering me into
these kids.
>> KOURTNEY: I wasn't, like,
planning this.
>> SCOTT: I can't handle all
this responsibility.
>> KOURTNEY: Responsibility?
For what?
>> SCOTT: I just can't take care
of more kids.
>> KOURTNEY (laughs): We have
two children.
I definitely had to build up the
courage to tell Scott, because
he's just been, like, super
depressed, so I just don't want
to set him off.
>> SCOTT: You've known this for
how long?
>> KOURTNEY: Um...
>> SCOTT: Well, when's the last
time you had your period?
>> KOURTNEY: March.
>> SCOTT: So you were pregnant
when I took you away on your
birthday?
>> KOURTNEY: I mean, I knew.
>> SCOTT: This is ridiculous!
It's always so sneaky with you!
>> KOURTNEY: Oh, my gosh!
>> SCOTT: You need to stop lying
to me, and tell me honestly...
>> KOURTNEY: I didn't know.
>> SCOTT: What do you mean you
didn't know? You didn't drink.
You obviously knew.
>> KOURTNEY: My plan was to wait
until...
>> SCOTT: Till the kid popped
out of you?
>> KOURTNEY: Right, so you don't
have to be anxious the whole
time.
(Scott mutters)
>> SCOTT: This ain't good.
One of my biggest annoyances
with Kourtney is that she just
wasn't honest.
And she's known that she's been
pregnant for, like, weeks.
I just kind of thought, at two,
we weren't gonna want to have
more kids.
Now having to take care of
three, I mean, it's freaking me
out just saying it.
This is ridiculous!
>> KOURTNEY: This was not a
plan.
>> SCOTT: You just keep
suckering me in...
>> KOURTNEY: What? It takes two
to tango.
Like, what did you think was
gonna happen?
>> KIM: Brody is really upset
that Mom decided to pay for
Brandon and Leah to come to the
wedding.
Brody is like, "How dare she
extend the invitation to Brandon
but not to me?"
>> KRIS: Can I make you some
soup, Kourt?
>> KOURTNEY: No, thanks.
I can't eat anything right now.
>> KRIS: Your tummy's that bad?
>> KOURTNEY: I can't have the
conversation with anybody in my
family.
I'm just not ready.
♪ ♪
(indistinct chatter)
>> BRODY: Bruce is coming in.
We've got to say hi.
>> MAN: Where's Bruce?
>> KAITLYNN: Oh, he's right
here.
>> BRUCE: Hey!
(all yelling)
>> BRODY: He's like, "Oh, my
God!
Oh, my God!"
Look at this.
>> BRUCE: My God, you can drink
on the job?
>> KAITLYNN: Hi.
>> MAN: Yo, Bruce!
We're gonna do about four or
five songs, we're gonna give you
the headphones and you take
over.
(laughter)
>> BRUCE: I'll put Beethoven on.
I love it that my kids find all
these things to do in life.
Now, Brody getting into the DJ
world-- not really my crowd.
But it's important that I
support what he's doing.
>> BRODY: Come up here for a
second.
>> BRUCE: I think it'll be a fun
night.
♪ ♪
>> KAITLYNN: Spin it around.
>> BRUCE: Brody and his
relationships-- there's been
many.
But Kaitlynn seems to be a
little bit different.
He talks very highly of her.
She seems to be pretty good for
him.
>> BRODY: Having fun?
>> BRUCE: Fabulous!
>> KHLOE: Say I love you, KoKo.
(Mason grunts)
Why are you so mean to me
sometimes?
Ew! Are you a kitty?
I Super Glued my hand to your
foot.
I can't get off.
I can't.
You know when I could get off is
when you tell me that you love
me.
>> MASON: I love you.
>> KHLOE: How much?
>> MASON: All the way to the
moon and back.
>> KHLOE: Are you serious?!
>> MASON: Yeah.
>> KHLOE: Yes!
>> KRIS: Hey, guys!
>> KOURTNEY: Hey, Mom.
>> KRIS: Morning!
>> KHLOE: Ooh, it's Kris Jenner!
>> KOURTNEY: What is that?
>> KRIS: I heard you weren't
feeling very good so I brought
you a deli tray and some
chicken noodle soup.
>> KHLOE: Chicken noodle soup.
>> KOURTNEY: A jelly tray?
>> KRIS: A deli tray.
>> KHLOE: Oh, I thought you said
a jelly tray.
>> KRIS: A deli tray-- lox and
cream cheese and bagels...
>> KHLOE: I was gonna say is
there vodka in that jelly?
>> KRIS: Uh, no.
I'm gonna put it in here.
Can I make you some soup, Kourt?
>> KOURTNEY: No, thanks.
I can't eat anything right now.
>> KRIS: Your tummy's that bad?
>> KOURTNEY: I'm sick.
I have the stomach flu.
I really just can't even deal
with any of this right now.
I can't have the conversation
with anybody in my family.
I'm just not ready.
And because of how Scott has
reacted, it's not, like,
a joyous occasion at this
moment, so I just can't...
I just don't feel like talking
about it with anybody.
>> KRIS: Feel better, Kourtney.
I love you.
Bye, Khlo.
>> KHLOE: Bye, Kris.
You look gorgeous.
>> KIM: What have those purple
flowers been doing on the floor
in that exact spot for two
weeks?
>> KRIS: Because I don't know
what to do with them, honey.
I work too hard to worry about
purple flowers.
>> KIM: Give them to Bruce.
You like purple.
>> BRUCE: Love purple.
>> KIM: Mm-hmm.
>> BRUCE: Where are the flowers?
I'll take them.
>> KIM: They're right there.
>> BRUCE: Oh, it's a live plant?
>> BOTH: Yeah.
>> BRUCE: Oh, of course I'll
take it.
So, why was I summoned over
here?
>> KIM: We wanted to do a little
negotiations with you.
In regards to your hairstyle for
the wedding, since you're gonna
be in the wedding.
Since you're gonna be in the
wedding!
>> KRIS: No, he's not just "in
the wedding."
He's walking you down the aisle.
>> KIM: Yes.
>> BRUCE: Not one eye's going
to be on me.
They're all gonna be on you and
your dress.
What's it-- 20 feet, 30 feet?
>> KIM: I think Bruce looks
really handsome when his hair is
cut short.
And, you know, it's my wedding
and I want him to look his best.
And from popular vote, I have
heard that Bruce looks better
without the ponytail.
>> BRUCE: You know what?
I will make sure that my hair
looks good.
>> KIM: Well, your idea of what
it looks good and my idea of
what looks good are two to...
>> BRUCE: Well, well, that's
true.
>> KIM: ...two totally different
things.
>> BRUCE: That's true; I-I
totally agree with that.
Mine's kind of Malibu good.
>> KIM: And mine is like Paris
chic.
>> BRUCE: Beverly Hills.
>> KIM: No, Paris chic.
>> BRUCE: Yeah, it's Beverly
Hills.
>> BRUCE: Paris chic.
>> KIM: Yeah.
>> BRUCE: What would you want to
do?
>> KIM: Well, I'm very well
aware that you won't cut your
ponytail.
>> BRUCE: That's true.
>> KIM: But my number one goal
would be cut the hair, 'cause
you just look better with
shorter hair.
>> BRUCE: But it's gonna be 15
seconds.
>> KIM: I know.
>> BRUCE: And you know, at my
age, you know how long it takes
for your hair to grow back?
It's, like, so slow.
>> KIM: I know.
>> BRUCE: It's taken me a year,
year and a half to get this
length.
>> KRIS: She just has a certain
vision of how she wants her
wedding party to look, and she
wants to be really proud of you.
>> BRUCE: But I'm like the least
important...
>> KIM: I want you to look
amazing.
>> BRUCE: With this mug, I'll
look perfect.
I know I'll make you happy,
'cause it'll be a happy moment.
I'm walking you down the aisle.
>> KIM: Totally.
>> BRUCE: I'll keep all of this
in mind.
I will make sure that my hair
looks good.
(toy tires squealing)
>> KHLOE: Oh, yeah, kids.
What happened to this?
How do I have a flat tire?
>> SCOTT: You don't have a flat
tire.
You have a cracked...
it's-gonna-break-in-half tire.
(Khloe imitates beep)
>> KHLOE: My butt doesn't fit.
Ugh!
>> SCOTT: Well, obviously.
>> KHLOE: I just put the middle
divider up the crack of my ass,
though.
>> SCOTT: Just chillin' in
there.
>> KHLOE: Just chillin'.
It's okay.
>> SCOTT: Holy (bleep).
>> KHLOE: (Bleep) gets real over
here.
>> SCOTT: No pun intended.
I don't know how to break this
to you.
>> KHLOE: Mm?
>> SCOTT: I'm not into...
talking about it, because I
don't want to really believe it
just yet.
>> KHLOE: What?
(Scott sighs)
>> SCOTT: So, obviously, you
know, once in a blue moon, I
sleep with your sister.
>> KHLOE: Mm-hmm.
>> SCOTT: And on those random
occasions...
>> KHLOE: Scott, no. Yeah.
>> SCOTT: ...she gets pregnant
every single time.
And I just didn't, like, know.
>> KHLOE: Well, has she told
anyone?
You shouldn't have told me.
>> SCOTT: No. She won't tell
anybody.
She wasn't gonna tell me!
>> KHLOE: I'm definitely not
shocked Kourtney's pregnant.
I mean, Kourtney always talks
about having more kids.
But I do think it's funny that
Scott is telling me before
Kourt.
It's definitely a first.
Wait. So, you're not happy?
>> SCOTT: Well...
I mean, I got two kids already.
That's a lot.
And I have a boy and a girl.
I barely feel like I could take
care of myself.
I'm, like, holding on by a
string here.
If we lived in, like, Oklahoma
and didn't travel, I'd say,
"Fine, keep popping 'em out.
What else are we gonna do?"
But traveling all the time and
airplanes all the time and...
that's where it's hard.
Like, now, three kids in the
plane?
Like, (bleep).
That's a (bleep) army.
>> KHLOE: I love Scott.
He's my brother.
I am very appreciative that he
feels like he can talk to me and
confide in me.
But it also putse  ry
weird situation.
'Cause I cannot imagine being in
Kourtney's place and my man is
not happy.
That's horrible.
So I don't really know how I'm
supposed to react.
>> SCOTT: Having another kid
right now is so scary.
>> KHLOE: You're gonna be fine.
>> SCOTT: I'm not fine now.
>> KIM: Will you talk to Brody?
>> BRUCE: I will.
>> KIM: 'Cause I just...
I... It...
I'm, like, at my snapping point
to where I will snap at him for
talking about my mom, 'cause
I've heard it through a few
people that he's been talking
(bleep) about her.
I will go the (bleep) off on
him.
>> KOURTNEY: Scott is, like,
freaking out.
He is really depressed and just
saying he can't handle it.
I just could see him use this as
an excuse to throw all
responsibility away and be
a wild animal.
>> KIM: So, Kourtney's clothes
really disturb me.
>> KHLOE: No. They're very
weird.
>> KIM: It all looks like a
vintage shop.
>> KHLOE: Guys, I look like a
vagabond.
>> KIM: Your ass looks so
ginormous.
>> KHLOE: It's a zebra.
>> JONATHAN: I've never seen
anything...
>> KIM: No, it looks good.
>> JONATHAN: No, it's not zebra.
It's very tribal.
>> KHLOE: But what do I wear?
'Cause my vagina is so
(bleep) big.
>> KIM: Where are you going?
>> KHLOE: Run errands and then
have dinner with Malika.
>> KIM: Oh.
>> KHLOE: But I want to be...
>> KIM: You know, just a long
view... It's long.
>> JONATHAN: This is you walking
around with your big vagina, and
you're, like, (bleep).
>> KHLOE: It is.
My big (bleep) vagina.
I don't like it.
>> KIM: Your vagina's long.
CTC-- cover the camel.
>> KHLOE: Covers the cam.
>> KIM: So, Brody is really
upset that Mom decided to pay
for Brandon and Leah to come to
the wedding.
Brody's, like, "How dare she
extend the invitation to
Brandon, but not to me?"
Brandon and Leah have been the
most supportive ever of my mom
and Bruce and their split, and
they love to do all the things
that Bruce loves to do, so my
mom and Bruce decided that,
together, they want to treat
Brandon and Leah to this Paris
trip, because having them come
is the best way for Bruce to
really enjoy his vacation.
I feel really bad, because,
she's just doing a good thing--
paying for Brandon and Leah.
>> JONATHAN: I think you should
call Bruce and just let him deal
with it, 'cause you'll get into
a fight with Brody.
>> KIM: It's not even about the
money.
>> JONATHAN: This always
happens.
>> KIM: We don't want Bruce to
be there by himself.
And now, she's being painted as
this villain just because she
tried to do something nice.
You know, my mom always gets the
short end of the stick here, and
I'm just not gonna let... allow
that to happen anymore.
Like, it's just time that
everyone grows up, and Bruce
needs to, you know, talk to his
own son.
It's his own brother.
>> JONATHAN: It really sucks.
Your mom always gets the short
end of the stick.
>> KHLOE: Hey, Kourt.
Is that your accessory for the
day?
>> KOURTNEY: What?
Some Nillas?
>> KHLOE: Mm-hmm.
>> KOURTNEY: What's it to you?
(phone rings)
>> KHLOE: Don't know who you
are, don't care.
(phone stops ringing)
How does this person have my new
number?
>> KOURTNEY: Should I see?
Hello?
>> MAN: Hello, baby!
>> KOURTNEY (with French
accent): Who is this?
>> MAN: Baby!
(Khloe laughs)
>> KOURTNEY: You hung up?
>> KHLOE: Yeah, I'm busy with
you.
>> KOURTNEY: You just hang up.
They keep saying, "Baby! Baby!"
>> KHLOE: Why are you having
your Nillas?
>> KOURTNEY: Why not?
>> KHLOE: Well, do you want any
real food?
You could have some of my
Chipotle.
>> KOURTNEY: Uh-uh.
Just want a Nilla.
>> KHLOE: Just a Nilla.
Think they're the best ever.
>> KOURTNEY: It's a pretty
divine snack.
>> KHLOE: Okay.
If I didn't know Kourtney was
pregnant, I would have figured
it out by now.
The box of Nillas, just, like,
chowing down.
Dude, I know what's really going
on.
You got a bun in that oven.
Do you let those, like, soften
in your mouth?
>> KOURTNEY: Mm-hmm.
>> KHLOE: I could tell.
>> KOURTNEY: I let 'em soak in,
and like them when they're a
little bit stale.
>> KHLOE: Mm-hmm.
>> KOURTNEY: I can just tell by
the way that she's looking at me
that she knows that I'm
pregnant, and I have a feeling
that Scott told her.
>> KHLOE: I know you did.
(clicks tongue)
(Kourtney clicks tongue)
A little too well.
>> SCOTT: How many rooms do you
need?
>> KOURTNEY: Are they (bleep)
monster suites or are they just
deluxe rooms?
Well, can you ask?
>> SCOTT: Are you joking with
your attitude?
>> KOURTNEY: No!
>> SCOTT: Okamerci.
Buh-bye, buh-bye.
What's the weather gonna be
like in Paris?
>> KOURTNEY: Rainy.
>> SCOTT: Awesome.
>> KOURTNEY: Um...
did you tell Khloe?
>> SCOTT: What?
What's is to you?
>> KOURTNEY: Well, you should
tell me!
>> SCOTT: I don't need to tell
you, she's your sister.
>> KOURTNEY: Right... so
wouldn't you think maybe I'd
want to tell her?
>> SCOTT: Oh, I'm sorry...
I ruined your little surprise.
Maybe you... should call
everybody else in your squad...
and let them know... so it's not
some big secret.
>> KOURTNEY: I was being so
secretive, because you're having
such a hard time with it,
I don't want to, like, further
depress you if anyone, God
forbid, says, "Congratulations."
>> SCOTT: Are you mocking me
while I'm down?
I'm emotionally messed up.
Why knock me while I'm down?
You are not easy to deal with--
don't let anybody tell you
different.
>> KOURTNEY: Oh... please.
>> SCOTT: Oh... (exhales)
>> KOURTNEY: I think the most
difficult person to deal with,
that I've ever met, is you.
Tmost    difficult.
Have you ever come across
somebody more difficult than
yourself?
>> SCOTT: I-I... You're up
there.
>> BRUCE: What's happening?
>> KRIS: Do you think that the
bride should be eating baked
potatoes?
Just trying to save you from
yourself.
>> KIM: I'm all right.
>> KRIS: You'll thank me in the
morning.
>> KIM: Okay, what about a
chocolate chip cookie instead?
>> BRUCE: Brandoni.
Plates are outside.
>> KOURTNEY: Okay.
Are you excited for Paris?
>> BRANDON: Yeah.
Is Rob gonna make it?
>> KOURTNEY: I don't know.
>> BRANDON: Really?
>> KOURTNEY: I just asked him
today, "What do you think?"
And he was like, "Think so."
>> BRANDON: Yeah, I hope so.
>> KOURTNEY: Mom, is Rob flying
with us?
>> KRIS: Uh-huh.
>> KOURTNEY: Are my kids in the
rehearsal?
You still haven't told me.
>> KIM: Yes, they are, 'cause
Mason really has a lot of work
to do.
He'll be the ring bearer.
>> KRIS: Oh, my God.
>> KHLOE: This is gonna be so
cute.
>> KIM: Penelope has to throw
flowers out.
North'll be in front and P will
be behind her.
>> KHLOE: P will be eating the
flowers.
>> KIM: We've tried to keep
everything, just really a secret
and just so that no information
gets out and nothing has, so...
>> BRODY: Well, what would it
even matter if it did?
>> KIM: Just 'cause we want
things to be surprises for
people.
>> SCOTT: Mm.
>> BRUCE: Where are we staying?
>> KRIS: I have you all taken
care of.
>> BRUCE: Is Brandon and Leah at
the same hotel?
>> KRIS: Oh, they sure are.
I thought you and I would share
a room, is that okay?
>> SCOTT: Hell, yeah, get your
freak on in Paris.
(Kris laughs)
>> BRUCE: I'm ready.
I can handle you.
Ta-da.
>> KIM: I wanted to tell you...
>> BRUCE: Yes?
>> KIM: ...that...
I didn't want to say it in front
of Mom, because it'll hurt her
feelings...
>> BRUCE: Mm-hmm.
>> KHLOE: ...but I think Brody's
upset, because you and Mom
paid for Brandon and Leah.
>> BRUCE: Mm-hmm.
Brody can get a little huffy at
times.
>> KIM: I know, but I think
he'll only listen to you.
>> BRUCE: Yeah.
>> KIM: And he asked to bring,
you know, his girlfriend, and I
said no.
>> BRUCE: Yeah, which obviously,
that's not gonna happen.
>> KIM: Once you get there,
you'll see the location of what
I'm talking about and then
you'll see, so I feel bad.
>> BRUCE: Yeah, I understand,
I understand, it's your wedding,
you do what you want.
>> KIM: Brody has been saying
that my mom is favoring
Brandon and Leah and I just
think that, like, this shouldn't
be my mom's problem.
So, will you talk to Brody?
>> BRUCE: I will.
>> KIM: 'Cause I just, I, it,
I'm, like... just to be totally
honest with you, I'm my snapping
point, to where I will snap at
him for talking about my mom.
'Cause I've heard it through
a few people, that he's been
talking (bleep) about her and
I've had it to the point where
no one will talk bad about my
mom anymore.
My mom's always made to seem
like this evil stepmom and never
tries and never does anything,
when she is the one that is,
like, bent over backwards for
everyone.
So, everyone better get over
their issues, because I'm just,
I don't have time for it... and
I'm not gonna sit back and let
anyone talk bad about my mom.
She's gotten the short end of
the stick for years and everyone
has disliked her, when all she's
doing is helping.
So, I'm to the point where I
will go the (bleep) off on him.
(women cheering)
I know I told my mom she could
plan a bridal shower, but I
thought it was just going to be
a little dinner.
>> KOURTNEY: Hello...
Scott was supposed to come home
last night from Mexico.
Now his phone is totally off and
I have no idea where he is.
>> KOURTNEY: So, you leave
Saturday?
>> KIM: Yeah, I leave Saturday.
>> KOURTNEY: Mom and I are on
the same flight on Sunday.
Um... so, I wanted to tell you
something...
At first, I didn't want to tell
everyone, but since Khloe
already knows, I might as well
tell my mom and Kim.
>> KIM: Oh, God, what?
>> KHLOE: That I'm pregnant.
>> KIM: Stop, are you kidding
me?
>> KOURTNEY: No.
I haven't told Mom yet.
>> KIM: Are you going to?
>> KOURTNEY: She's just annoying
to tell things to.
But I guess we should.
>> KIM: A new baby is coming
into the world and I'm so
excited for her.
>> KOURTNEY: Kim wanted to tell
you something.
>> KRIS: Yeah?
>> KIM: I don't know what to do,
I'm freaking out.
>> KRIS: Don't tell me you're
pregnant?
>> KIM: I am.
And if I gain one pound before
my wedding, my dress fits like a
glove and I don't know what to
do.
>> KRIS: Are you really
pregnant?
>> KIM: Yeah.
>> KRIS: Bible?
(Kim maniacally laughs)
>> KIM: No...!
But... Kourtney is!
>> KRIS: I don't believe you
guys anymore.
>> KOURTNEY: Well, I am.
>> KRIS: You're pregnant?
>> KOURTNEY: Yeah!
>> KRIS: This is amazing!
Give me a hug! Oh!
>> KOURTNEY: Thanks, well, I
just don't know what to do,
because...
>> KRIS: This is so good!
>> KOURTNEY: Scott is, like,
freaking out.
He's, like, really depressed and
just saying he can't handle it.
He just doesn't know what to do.
And he went to Mexico this
morning-- he had an appearance
in Cancun.
>> KRIS: Wow.
>> KOURTNEY: Because of what
he's done in the past, I just
could see him use this as an
excuse to just... throw all
responsibility away and just,
you know, be a wild animal.
>> KRIS: Scott is not in a good
place, which means he can't go
to these appearances and get
crazy.
>> KOURTNEY: I don't know.
>> KOURTNEY: Hi, guys.
How are you?
>> KHLOE: How are you?
>> KOURTNEY: Good...
>> CAROLE: How are these staying
put?
>> KHLOE: They're little--
they're not as big as most
people's.
(Carole laughs)
>> KOURTNEY: I shaved my legs
today for the first time, in
like, two weeks.
>> KHADIJAH: I shaved my legs
this morning, too!
I was like, "Oh, (bleep), I'm
gonna have to put a dress on,"
and jumped in the shower.
>> MALIKA: This is unacceptable,
you guys are not grandmas.
>> KOURTNEY: I know.
>> KHLOE: I think my mom did
a fantastic job of putting Kim's
shower together.
Everything looks amazing and I
just hope that she loves
everything as much as we do.
Be quiet!
(Khloe whistles loudly)
>> KHLOE: Kim and Kris are just
pulling up.
(woman squeals)
I don't know, do we like hide?
I don't understand what we do.
(laughter)
(indistinct whispering)
>> ALL: Surprise...!
(cheering, whooping)
>> KRIS: Surprise, Kim!
>> KHLOE: You look so hot.
(cheering, applause)
>> KIM: I know I told my mom she
could plan a bridal shower, but
I thought it was just gonna be a
little dinner-- nothing like
this.
I had no idea that this many
people would be there and that
people were flying in for it.
>> KOURTNEY: I love that dress.
>> KIM: I bought it like six or
seven years ago.
>> WOMAN: I need one like
that.
>> KIM: And I never wore it.
>> KOURTNEY: Today is the day.
>> KHLOE: Oh!
My corset broke again.
I'm safety pinned into this
bitch; I have to sit like this.
>> LARSA: I'm dying to see
North.
>> KIM: She says, "Bye."
"Say, 'bye-bye'," she'll go,
"ba-ba."
>> LARSA: Ooh... I love her.
>> KIM: And then she'll say,
"Daddy" and "Dad."
>> MALIKA: Do you want to have
more than two though?
>> KIM: I think I, I'm gonna
have another one and if it's a
girl, I'm definitely gonna go
for a boy and if it's a boy, I
might be done.
>> MALIKA: Yeah, you can totally
handle three.
>> KIM: Yeah, I kind of hope
it's another girl and then
there'll be two BFF's.
And then I have a boy.
That's, like, my dream.
>> LARSA: They're gonna be so
cute together.
(P.A. squealing)
>> KHLOE: Kourtney has an
announcement to make.
(laughter, P.A. squealing)
>> KOURTNEY: I love you, Kim.
You know how I feel.
And I'm not gonna cry.
(P.A. squeals)
>> KRIS: Okay, I just want to
say that it just means so much
to all of us that you guys are
all here celebrating such a
special time for Kim and the
fact that... you know I cry at
everything, so I'll just get it
over with and bawl, but you
know, I think that we all
know... that Kim and Kanye have
been obsessed with each other,
and the fact that she's going
off to marry the love of her
life-- it's just the greatest
thing in the world.
And we all know the journey that
she's had and been on and that
she's brought all of us along
with her and it's just a joy.
>> KIM: Well, thanks for not
going on this bumpy ride with
me.
(all cheering, whooping)
>> KRIS: As Kim's mom, I could
not be prouder of her and Kanye.
And I am so genuinely happy that
they have found each other,
because I think they're pretty
much a perfect match.
>> KIM: Oh, my gosh!
It's a little Eiffel Tower.
>> WOMAN: That's so cute.
>> KIM: How cute is that?
>> KOURTNEY: That's so cute.
>> KIM: Khloe's always like,
"You're the sexiest person, but
you wear the ugliest pajamas."
Like, Kanye threw away all my
pajamas.
I wear knee socks and ugly
sweats and ugly pajamas with,
like, patterns all over it,
like hearts.
I am so surprised and so happy
that my mom really took the time
to plan this shower and to make
it so special for me.
>> PHOTOGRAPHER: Ready?
One, two, three.
>> WOMAN: So cute!
>> KIM: It's really good to
celebrate with everyone,
especially since some people
won't be able to make it to
Paris for the festivities.
>> KRIS: Okay, I'm hopping in.
>> WOMAN 2: Okay, hop in.
>> PHOTOGRAPHER: Okay, ready?
One, two, three.
Scariest thing you've ever seen!
Aah!
>> BRITTNY: How do we get one
of these things?
>> KOURTNEY: Kim's getting one
in her house.
Every time she leaves the door,
she'll take a picture.
(both laughing)
(door closes)
>> KOURTNEY: Hello.
Scott was supposed to come home
from the airport last night from
Mexico, and he never came home.
I haven't heard from him at all.
And I have no idea where he is.
(line ringing)
>> KHLOE: Hello?
>> KOURTNEY: Hi.
>> KHLOE: What's going on?
>> KOURTNEY: So, Scott never
came home last night.
>> KHLOE: What do you mean?
>> KOURTNEY: He landed from the
airport at 6:00 and he wrote me,
"I might go to dinner at Mr.
Chow or Nobu with Sartiano."
And then before I went to bed, I
said, "Hello? I'm going to bed."
And then he didn't respond.
And then I woke up at, like,
midnight, and he still hadn't
responded, so I wrote Sartiano
and he was like, "No, we never
went to dinner."
>> KHLOE: That's insane.
>> KOURTNEY: And then I called
him in the middle of the night,
but he wasn't answering.
And now his phone is totally
off.
I am worried.
It's not like him to not answer
the phone.
And just knowing that he's so
depressed, I just hope that he's
okay.
>> KHLOE: I'll call him and text
him.
>> KOURTNEY: His phone's off.
I'm just gonna have to wait
until he hopefully wakes up.
>> BRUCE: Is Brody still kind of
upset about the plus ones?
>> LEAH: I honestly haven't even
talked to him about it.
>> BRUCE: Really?
It doesn't look like I'm gonna
get any help from Brandon and
Leah in trying to explain this
to Brody.
>> KIM: Brody is a little upset
that you're paying for Brandon
and Leah to go to the wedding
and not him.
>> KRIS: That's the reason he's
not coming to a wedding?
That's crazy.
>> KOURTNEY: I kind of like
keeping it long.
>> PHILIP: Yeah, I mean, I do
like things long...
>> KOURTNEY: Mm-hmm.
>> PHILIP: ...but there's a few
that might be a little bit
heavy.
What we can do is just lighten a
little bit without cutting the
length.
>> KOURTNEY: Yeah.
(door closes)
>> SCOTT: Hey.
I'm going to my room.
>> KOURTNEY: Hmm?
>> SCOTT: I'm going up to the
room.
>> KOURTNEY: Well, um, I'm glad
that you're home safe.
But I just want you to know
that, like, it's not okay.
Like, you have a family.
You can't just, like, say, "Oh,
I landed," and then never
contact us.
Like, that's crazy.
And not to mention I couldn't
sleep all night.
I was worried.
I kept checking your room every
second, thinking that you were
literally dead.
>> SCOTT: I definitely feel
horrible that I put Kourtney
through a rough time, especially
now that she is pregnant.
But I honestly just didn't want
to get back to reality and I
didn't want to face anybody.
It's just a lot on me right now,
especially with everything else
that I've dealt with in the past
year and I should've made a
responsible decision, but I
didn't.
I understand.
I got issues I need to work out.
And I'll do whatever I can and
do whatever it takes, but I just
don't know how to get to feel
normal again and not be
depressed.
>> KOURTNEY: Well, whatever
you're doing is not gonna make
you feel better.
You can't make an excuse to make
yourself think that's okay.
>> SCOTT: No, there's no excuse.
I don't think it's okay at all.
>> KOURTNEY: At the place where
Scott is right now, I know that
he's so depressed and he really
can't help himself.
I want to be able to help Scott,
but I need support, too.
And I really just feel like I
don't even know what to do at
this point.
>> SCOTT: I'm just a bad person.
>> KOURTNEY: You're not a bad
person, but I want you to fix
this depression and I'll help
you.
>> SCOTT: I just need to sleep.
I just can't sleep anymore with
my insomnia.
>> LEAH: Where did our dog go?
>> BRUCE: Just right there.
>> LEAH: Oh. Hi.
Hello.
>> BRANDON: If you ever want to
look, look down there...
>> BRUCE: Those are always good
dogs when you don't even have to
think about your dogs and all of
a sudden you say, "I wonder
where the dog went."
And you turn around and there's
the dog right there.
>> LEAH: I know, right?
>> BRANDON: Brody's dogs on the
other hand, they're...
>> BRUCE: Yeah, I haven't, uh...
How's Brody's dogs doing?
>> BRANDON: They're good dogs
and they actually, when they're
around Gus...
>> BRUCE: Hey, by the way, is
Brody still kind of upset about
the plus one?
>> LEAH: I honestly haven't even
really talked to him about it.
>> BRUCE: Really?
>> LEAH: I don't know.
>> BRUCE: Yeah, 'cause, I mean,
it's... Kim's doing everything
to keep it small and just bring
immediate people.
>> BRANDON: I'll let you guys
figure that out.
I'm gonna go jump in the ocean.
>> BRUCE: All right.
I've worked really hard to try
to get my relationship with
Brody working well.
But still it's kind of a work in
progress.
And it doesn't look like I'm
gonna get any help from Brandon
and Leah in trying to explain
this to Brody.
I'm gonna have to kind of go
this one alone, you know, for
Brody and I to continue to have
a good relationship.
Oh, come on, cut it with the
pictures.
>> KRIS: You have blue hair.
>> KYLIE: I know.
>> KRIS: Are you gonna have
bl-blue hair for the wedding?
>> KYLIE: Yeah.
>> BRUCE: Oh, God.
>> KRIS: Does Kim know?
>> KYLIE: Yeah.
>> KRIS: You kind of look like
My Little Pony meets...
>> BRUCE: Uh...
>> KRIS: Katy Perry.
You're turning into, like,
punk-rock Barbie.
>> KYLIE: Brandon!
>> KRIS: Hey, Brandon!
>> BRANDON: You've got your
wetsuit on.
>> KRIS: I do. I'm all ready.
>> BRANDON: It's on backwards.
>> LEAH: I like your blue hair.
>> KRIS: It is?
>> BRANDON: Yeah, it is.
>> KRIS: It's on backwards?
>> BRANDON: Yeah.
>> KRIS: Oh, I have to go change
it.
>> BRANDON: The zipper goes in
the back.
>> KRIS: All right.
Quick change.
Nobody told me.
I am really excited to be
spending the day with Brandon
and Leah.
And I'm excited to learn how to
paddleboard.
But in true Kris form, I've
already made my first mistake of
the day, which is I have my
wetsuit on backwards.
Perfect.
>> BRANDON: Much better.
>> KRIS: Oop!
>> BRANDON: It's happened
before, don't worry.
>> BRUCE: Let's do it.
>> KRIS: Okay...
(Kris chuckling)
>> KRIS: Guys, this isn't funny.
(laughter)
Be calm... be calm...
be calm...
I got this... aah!
I'm not gonna lie-- this looked
a lot easier than it
actually is.
And I feel... ridiculous.
Aah...!
Oh! Abandoning ship!
Get off... oh!
Whoa!
(laughing)
(door opens)
(door closes)
(Kris sighs)
>> KOURTNEY: So Scott surfaced.
I just told him that he has to
go away to someplace and figure
it out.
I just need to make sure, like,
the right place.
I've been trying to figure out
how to help Scott and I'm not
sure if sending him away
somewhere to work on his issues
is the best thing for him.
I'm not even exactly sure if
Scott has an issue with alcohol,
or if he's using it to numb his
depression from losing both of
his parents.
I'm just trying to think of all
of our options, so that we can
make the best decision for him.
Do you think that that, um,
Arizona place is the best place?
>> KRIS: I don't know.
I mean, the only thing I wonder
if he's the kind of person I
think would have a problem
sitting with a group of
people...
>> KOURTNEY: Mm-hmm.
>> KRIS: ...and going, "My name
is, you know, Jane, and I've got
a problem."
'Cause he gets social anxiety if
he has to talk to other people.
>> SCOTT: I'm selling that
house.
>> KOURTNEY: I just don't think
you should make a rash decision.
>> SCOTT: I'm not really making
a rash decision.
I thiyou're    making a rash
decision by saying we're moving
for the summer at this point in
our life.
♪ ♪
>> MASON: Hello!
Oh! No!
>> KHLOE: Sit on the floor, just
like I thought.
Get in there.
Be the boy who lives in the
cupboard.
Good kid.
>> PENELOPE: Mm!
>> KOURTNEY: You want to go in
there?
>> KHLOE: Hello!
Look, Kourt.
There's some crackers in here.
Do you want to get them?
>> KOURTNEY: Hmm.
>> KHLOE: Open the crackers.
Oh!
It's Mason crackers!
>> KOURTNEY: Who is that?
(Khloe laughs)
>> MASON: Ow, ow, ow.
>> KOURTNEY: So I was thinking
of maybe staying in the Hamptons
and renting a house for the
whole summer.
I mean, Scott always says he has
all these happy memories there
as a kid, and like, every time
we were at his parents', we,
like, feed the deer and then we
go down to the beach and it's,
like, the woods.
But on the beach.
>> KHLOE: You're a trip.
>> KOURTNEY: My mom was right.
Scott gets so anxious in new
environments.
So I really think that going to
the Hamptons could be a great
thing for Scott and our family
for the summer.
It's a really calm environment
and it just might be a good
place where he can finally dl
with some of the pain that he's
been pushing aside.
>> KHLOE: I mean, I think your
first thing you have to do to
decide what's happening is
you've got to talk to Scott.
'Cause what if he says,
"Absolutely not"?
>> KOURTNEY: That is a good
plan.
>> KHLOE: That is a good plan.
>> KOURTNEY: I'll talk to him...
>> KHLOE: And you're a
good girl.
>> KOURTNEY: ...and you let me
know.
>> KHLOE: And you look great in
yellow.
>> KOURTNEY: Oh, why, thank you.
>> KHLOE: Not everyone could
pull it off.
>> KOURTNEY: Nope.
>> KHLOE: But you?
(clicks tongue)
You look good.
>> KOURTNEY: Thanks, boo.
>> KHLOE: No.
Boo thang... you look as good as
a chicken wing.
>> KOURTNEY: Mm-hmm.
That's what I was going for.
(Khloe laughing)
>> KRIS: Is Kat invited to the
wedding or not?
>> KIM: No.
Sorry, 'cause...
>> KRIS: Okay.
>> KIM: ...there's not enough
room.
>> KRIS: Okay.
>> KIM: People are calling every
day, trying to get their plus
ones invited, and we just...
>> KRIS: Mm-hmm.
>> KIM: ...the venue does not
have the space, like, we cannot
add one more person.
The pressure, the guest list...
it's so, so, so tough.
We want to invite all of our
friends, but we just don't have
the space for it.
The venue is at capacity,
so it's been the hardest thing
ever.
It's super stressful, because
everyone's asking to bring
people, so I just want to stay
out of it, but it's, like...
Brody is a little upset that
you're paying for Brandon and
Leah to go to the wedding and
not him.
>> KRIS: I just... that doesn't
even make any sense.
He flies all over the world and
he has a ton of points.
And by the way, I don't think I
did anything wrong, except try
to be an amazing stepmom.
If that's the reason he's not
coming to a wedding, that's
crazy.
He should just tell me and we'll
figure it out.
Here's the thing.
This happens to every single
bride.
This is how weddings go.
There's always going to be that
one family member or relative
who gets their feelings hurt.
It'll be, "Oh, this person's in
the wrong seat.
That aunt is up in the second
row, why am I in the back?"
You know?
I mean, that's just the way life
is.
It's like Thanksgiving dinner.
You're gonna have family drama.
You just are.
>> KIM: I want to be super fair
and nice and always go with the
flow, but I see how much, like,
(bleep) my mom takes from
everybody.
And she just is so calm and
seems to let it not bother her,
but I'm sure it does.
She doesn't have to feel bad for
doing something generous.
>> KRIS: You are gonna have more
drama than you ever thought you
would ever sign up for.
And that's just what happens
at weddings, so get ready.
>> KIM: I'm gonna change my
e-mail.
(Kris laughs)
>> KIM: Guys, it is so hot.
>> SCOTT: Yeah, what's going on?
Did the air conditioning stop?
When your mom's not here, she
doesn't care.
>> KOURTNEY: Right.
So...
(Scott stammers, mutters)
>> KOURTNEY: ...the Dash New
York store is... going down.
The rent's gonna go up in
October when our lease is up.
So I just feel like we need to
find a new location.
But I really think we need to go
out there to pick the spot.
>> KIM: Yeah, I do, too.
>> KOURTNEY: So I was thinking
after Paris, we fly to New York
and then...
>> SCOTT: And then go home from
there?
What's the point?
>> KOURTNEY: ...we could stay
for the summer in New York and
get a house in the Hamptons.
We've been talking about doing
this for years.
>> SCOTT: I feel like that's
already gone and past.
>> KOURTNEY: I just thought
maybe it would still be nice to
go out there.
We could even stay at the house
and fix it up, or...
>> SCOTT: I don't want to stay
there.
>> KOURTNEY: Well, then, we
could stay somewhere else...
>> SCOTT: I'm selling that
house.
>> KOURTNEY: ...and decide if we
want it.
You are gonna sell it?
>> SCOTT: Yeah.
>> KOURTNEY: I don't think you
should make a rash decision.
>> SCOTT: I'm not really making
a rash decision.
I thiyou're    making a rash
decision by saying we're moving
to the Hamptons for the summer
at this point in our life.
It's like, it would've been
amazing to enjoy being out
there while my parents were
there.
And now it's like, now we're
finally gonna go, after they
just died?
>> KOURTNEY: I was thinking
about the whole Hamptons thing
that we were talking about.
>> SCOTT: Right now, it's very
difficult to look at the
positives when I'm still so
upset and still so angry.
♪ ♪
>> SCOTT: I have this appearance
in Huston and... I mean, it's
probably not the best timing
right now, but last thing I want
to do is let anybody down.
>> EMCEE: Make some (bleep)
noise for Scott Disick in the
building!
(cheering)
>> SCOTT: Can I get a club soda
and a lime?
You know, I... probably don't
deserve Kourt coming with me,
but I do appreciate that she's
kind of holding my hand for some
support that I do need right
now.
It's going to be fun to sleep
in.
>> KOURTNEY: I know!
I might have to...
>> SCOTT: What?
>> KOURTNEY: I might have to.
I don't feel well.
I decided to go to Houston with
Scott because I just don't want
him to be alone and depressed.
It's definitely not my number
one choice of things to do, but
I'm just trying to be here for
him and support him in anything
that he needs.
>> MAN: We're going to do a shot
together.
>> KOURTNEY: It's a shot of
water.
>> SCOTT: Oh, okay.
>> SCOTT: Thanks for coming with
me to this thing.
You're a fun girl...
but could be a buzzkill
to some maybe.
But I needed a buzzkill and just
needed to relax on this trip.
>> KOURTNEY: You definitely did.
I was thinking about the whole
Hamptons thing that we were
talking about.
>> SCOTT: Right, yeah.
>> KOURTNEY: And that you just
have more, like, negative
memories that we didn't go
visit.
You had such positive memories
when you were younger.
>> SCOTT: Yeah, I mean, look.
I'd like to think of the place
in a good light, not in a bad
one, just because that's where
my parents, you know, kind of
ended their time, you know?
>> KOURTNEY: I don't want to
push you if it's too hard.
It's hard for me to even go
there knowing that they're not
there, so I can't imagine what
it's like for you.
>> SCOTT: You know, for right
now, it's very difficult to look
at the positives when I'm still
so upset and still so angry that
I had to lose my parents at such
a young age and them being so
young and it's just so difficult
to admit and believe that
they're both gone and I'm never
gonna see them again.
I like it out there and I know
it's summertime and we have a
lot of friends and good support
and...
all that's great, it's just...
it's so frustrating that every
single year, my parents asked me
and you...
>> KOURTNEY: Mm-hmm.
>> SCOTT: ...to spend the summer
out there with them.
Finally now we have the time to
go...
and they don't have the time
because they're gone.
I need time to, like, get my
head wrapped around all that.
>> KRIS: We want him along for
the ride, but I just couldn't do
everybody.
>> BRUCE: I don't want Kris
meddling in with the whole
Brody thing.
I got to go find him.
I'm just trying to figure out
the whole wedding thing.
>> BRODY: Brandon and Leah are
there.
That's all you care about.
>> KIM: You have our passports,
right?
>> WOMAN: Yes, I just took your
passport.
>> KRIS: Kim is actually leaving
for Paris.
And it's so exciting.
>> KIM: Are you ready to go to
Paris, cutie?
>> KRIS: Bye, Kim.
>> KOURTNEY: What are you doing
here? And in lingerie?
Are you about to hook up with
someone?
>> KIM: No, I'm just trying on,
like, what wedding lingerie I
want for the week.
>> KOURTNEY: Is this from your
shower?
>> KIM: Yeah.
>> KOURTNEY: That's pretty.
>> KIM: You like it?
>> KOURTNEY: Mm-hmm.
>> KIM: Kylie got me the robe.
And Malika and Khadijah got me
the bra and underwear.
>> KOURTNEY: Does it go
together?
>> KIM: No, and it's, like, so
important that I have all the
right stuff.
>> KOURTNEY: Yeah.
>> KIM: How was Houston?
>> KOURTNEY: It was exhausting.
I was so tired and had to go to
a club and pretend like I was
having fun.
>> KIM: Was he still, like,
freaking out, though?
>> KOURTNEY: He was like, "So,
if you do this, I mean, I'm just
gonna have to leave and move to
another country."
>> KIM: Maybe it's, like, too
much change that, like, there
will be this new person, and
then he's totally leaving his
parents and starting a full new
life.
>> KOURTNEY: Yeah.
>> KOURTNEY: Because now he has
this new baby that his parents
will never get to meet.
>> KOURTNEY: So, then we sat
down.
I was like, "Okay, since I'm
having another child, you are
leaving?
I just need to confirm."
And then he, like, smiled.
And then he started, like,
softening up and being nicer
and, like, I think he was
starting to wrap his head around
everything.
>> KIM: Three kids is, like, the
perfect family.
>> KOURTNEY: I'm definitely
overwhelmed thinking about it.
>> KIM: I would be, too.
Well, he's gonna have to learn
how to handle it.
>> KOURTNEY: Or else I'm gonna
be a single mom with three kids.
>> KIM: Do you want to babysit
North for the day and see what
it's like with three?
>> KOURTNEY: No.
>> KIM: Yeah, I wouldn't
recommend it.
>> KIM: Oh, hey, supermodel.
>> BRUCE: How cute are you?
>> KIM: Look at your eyebrows.
They're gone.
>> KENDALL: I know, they're
gone.
>> KIM: They look so pretty,
though.
>> KENDALL: I look crazy.
You don't have good service.
I can't see you guys.
>> KIM: Okay, I'm gonna call
you.
>> KENDALL: Yeah.
Okay, bye.
>> KIM: Bye.
So, she's trying to back out of
a big gig.
And she should do it.
>> BRUCE: I talked to her this
morning, and she did sound down
just because she's been on the
road for what-- three weeks?
Working her little butt off.
I've done that where I've been
on the road, you know, for,
liweatimnds
just like you're so...
>> KIM: She gets homesick, but
if she wants to be a model,
models can't get homesick.
You live in a suitcase.
>> BRUCE: Totally agree.
>> KIM: You know?
>> KIM: It's like there's no
crying in baseball.
>> BRUCE: Sleep on the plane.
>> KRIS: Kim wants you to come
to the wedding, you know?
Becau... I mean, I don't want to
make you feel bad either by
telling you all this, but, well,
you know, we're gonna have an
adventure and it will be really
fun and we want him along for
the ride, but I just couldn't do
everybody.
>> BRUCE: I hear Kris talking to
Brandon and Leah trying to get
to the bottom of the whole Brody
thing.
Kim was the one who, you know,
came to me and said, "Please
talk to Brody."
>> KRIS: Like, I've organized
dinners every night and, you
know, we're gonna have a lot of
fun.
And it, and it's my pleasure,
but tell him to get himself to
Paris and we'll figure it out.
I mean, if, and if you don't
think that's the good way to
handle it, but, and after
thinking about it, then call me
back and tell me.
>> BRUCE: I don't want Kris to
kind of be the fall guy for this
and I don't want her on the
phone kind of meddling in with
Brandon and Leah, uh, to try to,
you know, calm this whole thing
down.
Honestly, this is my
responsibility.
I'm the one who needs to talk to
Brody.
Uh, so I got to go find him.
I'm just trying to figure out
the whole wedding thing.
I got nobody to hang with.
>> BRODY: You've been calling
Brandon and Leah every day to
make sure they're going.
First I've even seen you come
around and be like, "Oh, the
wedding."
>> BRUCE: Don't hang that on me.
>> BRODY: It's fine.
>> BRUCE: Brod? Brod...
>> BRODY: It's all good.
>> KOURTNEY: How are you feeling
about your blue hair?
Are you wearing it for the
wedding?
>> KYLIE: That's everyone's big
question.
>> KOURTNEY: Did Kim freak out?
>> KYLIE: I told her.
I warned her before.
She was like, "No, absolutely
not."
And then I was like... (groans)
"Telling me not to dye my hair a
color makes me want to dye it
even more, so I'm just letting
you know I'm going to."
And she was like, "Whatever."
>> KOURTNEY: You're such a brat.
>> KYLIE: And then Mom was like,
"You look like a Skittle."
And I was like, "I'm gonna have
this hair for two years now
'cause you said that."
>> SCOTT: Did she tell you the
big news?
>> KYLIE: What?
You're pregnant?
>> SCOTT: Isn't she always?
>> KYLIE: You're not pregnant.
>> SCOTT: Bible. Pregnant.
Number three.
>> KYLIE: Say Bible.
>> KOURTNEY: Bible.
>> KYLIE: B-I-B-L-E?
>> KOURTNEY: Yeah, but don't
tell Kenny.
I want to tell her myself.
>> SCOTT: Is that insane?
>> KYLIE: That's so funny!
>> SCOTT: Is it?
>> KYLIE: I just think it's
funny.
>> KOURTNEY: Scott, like, wants
to kill himself.
>> KYLIE: I can see he wants to
kill himself.
>> SCOTT: I'm gonna be happy
once the little person comes,
but it's a lot to deal with.
>> KYLIE: What?
>> SCOTT: Do not have
unprotected sex.
You hear me?
Even if you have to double up on
birth control, just do it.
(clicks tongue) Little pill.
She evidently thinks that's too
hard.
>> KYLIE: So, when did you find
out?
>> KOURTNEY: Mm...
>> SCOTT: She's known forever!
She just didn't tell anybody.
>> KOURTNEY: I didn't know what
to do.
(Kylie gasps)
>> KYLIE: P...
>> SCOTT: Oh, it's Pooh-Pooh!
>> KOURTNEY: Ooh!
>> SCOTT: Hi, P!
(jabbering)
>> KOURTNEY: Aw!
>> SCOTT: Hi, P.
What's your name, P?
>> KYLIE: Poosh?
>> PENELOPE: Dada.
>> SCOTT: Yeah, I'm Dada.
What's that girl's name?
>> KOURTNEY: What's my name?
>> PENELOPE: Mama.
>> SCOTT: Can you say KyKy?
(Scott grunts)
>> SCOTT: I'm scared, yes, about
having another child and I
definitely didn't take it the
right way... but God willing,
like every other child I've
had... they become amazing and
blessings in my life.
I just need to think of the
positive, relax and enjoy...
the third time around.
Uh-oh, uh-oh.
(laughs): Uh-oh, look who it is!
(Mason screams)
It's a Mar-dee!
(Mason whooping)
Give me a kiss, Penelope.
>> BRODY: Hey...
>> BRUCE: What's happening...?
>> BRODY: I didn't know that was
you... okay, okay.
You're just creeping over like
that?
>> BRUCE: On my way to the golf
course; something you should
be...
>> BRODY: Course you are.
>> BRUCE: ...something you
should be doing.
>> BRODY: See, here I am,
playing with my dogs.
>> BRUCE: Playing with
your dogs.
>> BRODY: Yeah, somebody's got
to do it.
I'm just trying to teach them
how to... catch, bring it back.
Tank, come on.
>> BRUCE: How do you tell the
difference between the two?
>> BRODY: Good boy.
Different markings, you know?
Like, see, he's got more
black, like, just like me
and my markings on my face now.
>> BRUCE: Oh, he looks more like
you?
>> BRODY: You know, so, I'm
going to Cabo, so I had to...
get ready for it.
>> BRUCE: Yeah, you're going to
Cabo-- is that your next trip?
>> BRODY: What?
>> BRUCE: No, I'm just trying to
figure out the whole wedding
thing.
You know, I heard you're not
going, right?
>> BRODY: I'm not going, no.
I'm not losing sleep over it, I
swear, like, I'm actually, I'm,
I'm happy that I get this
weekend off.
>> BRUCE: I can tell from
Brody's body language that,
uh, you know... he's trying to
brush it off, but I... he's a
little bit upset here.
It's not the plus one and all
that kind of stuff, none of
that?
>> BRODY: I did say, "Kim, if I
go, I would love to be able to
bring my girlfriend along," you
know?
>> BRUCE: Yeah, but it's not
gonna be the same if you
don't go.
Have you and I ever been to
Paris before?
No...
>> BRODY: Uh, not together--
I've been, though.
>> BRUCE: I've got nobody to
hang with...
>> BRODY: Yeah, you do, you have
Brandon and Leah...
>> BRUCE: Brandon and Leah are
going, they're gonna be out...
>> BRODY: ...you know that's
all you care about. (laughs)
Brandon and Leah are there.
>> BRUCE: No... no... no... no.
>> BRODY: It's okay, you'll be,
you'll be, It's all good, you'll
be happy.
>> BRUCE: Not even close...
>> BRODY: You've been calling
Brandon and Leah every day to
make sure they're going.
I... have not gotten one...
this is the first I've even seen
you come around and be like,
"Oh... the wedding."
>> BRUCE: Brody, I-I think he
gets the feeling like, oh, we
love Brandon and Leah better
than we like him and this and
that-- which is a bunch of bull.
Don't hang that on me.
>> BRODY: It's fine...
>> BRUCE: Throw... throw.
>> BRODY: It's all good.
You know, it's all good.
Captioning sponsored by
BUNIM-MURRAY PRODUCTIONS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org
>> BRUCE: I want you to know,
uh, as far as Brandon and
Leah going, that was Kris's
and my decision.
I mean, you know, Brandon for
the last year, really, he comes
over all the time... to see how
I'm doing...
>> BRODY: I think...
>> BRUCE: ...and so, because of
that...
>> BRODY: I mean, that's fine,
but y-you know, it does, at the
end of the day, it's like, you
guys were focused on making sure
Brandon and Leah went and Brody
never received one phone call.
>> BRUCE: The bottom line is, I
just want you to know that...
>> BRODY: I'm not...
>> BRUCE: ...I wish you were
gonna go.
I'd rather have you there.
We could hang in Paris-- we've
never done that before.
>> BRODY: I'm fine, yes.
>> BRUCE: You sure?
>> BRODY: Life goes on. (laughs)
>> BRUCE: Can I send you
pictures?
Maybe a video of it or...?
>> BRODY (chuckles): What?
Oh, I'm sure I'll see many of
those...
(Bruce laughs)
I can't get away from it-- I
turn on the TV and I see stuff
about the wedding.
>> BRUCE: All right, as long as
you're okay.
See how they respond to me.
>> BRODY: I'm good.
How's that knee?
Mine's, you know...
>> BRUCE: Well, it gets
a little stiff.
>> BRODY: Yeah, mine, too.
>> BRUCE: Brody is a very, kind
of, sensitive guy.
Maybe I didn't handle this whole
thing properly; I have to try
harder to communicate with
Brody earlier, so, you know, it
doesn't get to this.
>> BRUCE: One... two...
>> BRODY: Three!
Go get it, go get it.
Radar's faster than Tank, but...
Good boys, bring it back, Tank.
>> BRUCE: Come on, Tank!
>> BRODY: See that's... we're
working on that.
>> BRUCE: Aw... Tank...
>> BRODY: That's why we're
working on it, we're working on
the...
>> BRUCE: We're working on the
retrieving thing.
>> SCOTT: Hey.
How you doing?
>> MOVER: Good, good.
>> SCOTT: So you're going to
take this today?
>> MOVER: Yeah.
>> SCOTT: Gonna take the Lambo
tomorrow?
>> MOVER: Yeah.
>> SCOTT: Now, you guys going
straight to New York, or you got
a lot of stops?
>> MOVER: Straight to New York.
>> SCOTT: Okay, perfect.
Sounds like a plan, thank you.
Hey, doll.
I'm almost packed up.
I got the cars on the truck
going to the Hamptons.
Sent all my clothes, sent my
cars, sent my sneakers, sent my
shoes.
I think I sent my watches...
Yeah, I'm good.
As nervous as I am about moving
across the country... I know
that once we get to the Hamptons
and we're all settled in, I
think it's gonna be good for
everybody, especially my family.
I just want to be there for them
and, I guess, that's really what
my parents would have wanted
anyway.
All right, I love you.
>> KRIS: Five, six, seven,
eight... nine.
>> MOVER: Nine?
>> KRIS: I think we're good.
Uh, your cars are here.
>> KIM: We know, Mom.
We got it all handled.
>> KRIS: You guys got it all
together.
>> KIM: Then I just have to put
something else in one bag.
>> KRIS: Kim is actually leaving
for Paris, and it's so exciting.
>> KIM: You keep our passports,
right?
>> ASSISTANT: Yes, I just keep
your passport.
>> KRIS: She's going to marry
the love of her life and it's
going to be perfect.
So now we just have to get
everybody else over there on
time, safe and sound.
Kim, you look beautiful.
I love you so much.
>> KIM: I'll see you tomorrow.
Oh, my God.
>> KRIS: I'm so excited.
>> KIM: Please look for my Nori
necklace.
>> KRIS: Okay.
>> KIM: It's somewhere inside.
>> KRIS: I'll scour the whole
house and I'll bring it to
Paris, don't worry.
And if you remember where you
put it, call me.
>> KIM: Okay.
We are off to Paris and it's so
crazy.
I can't believe the wedding is
right around the corner.
Everything has happened so fast,
and I am so excited.
Are you ready to go to Paris,
cutie?
That big smile...
I know you are.
>> KRIS: Bye, Kim!
See you in Paris.
>> KIM: Next Keeping Up with
the Kardashians...
>> KRIS: We're in Paris,
bitches!
>> WOMAN: You look so cute.
>> KIM: I can't believe the
whole family's together and it's
wedding week.
I am so excited.
(women sings wedding march)
>> KIM: The veil is so big he
needs to bend down and, like,
pull it up like this.
>> WOMAN: Kanye actually wanted
to marry Kim... five years ago.
He was madly in love with her
then.
>> KHLOE: Hear, hear.
>> KIM: It's exciting.
The nerves are setting in.
The music is starting!
I can't believe that in a couple
minutes, I'm gonna be walking
down the aisle.
(bell tolling)